Add NIO write operations (#5)
awslabs/aws-java-nio-spi-for-s3: README.md

Ensure sufficient memory is available to your JVM if you increase the fragment size or fragment number.

## Writing Files

The mode of the channel is controlled with the `StandardOpenOptions`. To open a channel for write access you need to 
supply the option `StandardOpenOption.READ`. All write operations on the channel will be gathered in a temporary file,
which will be uploaded to S3 upon closing the channel.

Be aware, that the current implementation only supports channels to be used either for read or write due to potential

> consistency issues we may face in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consistency issues we may face in some cases. Attempting to open a channel for both read and write will result in an error.
```

### Configuration

> The handling of large files could take potentially very long, therefore there are currently no timeouts configured per 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we cannot predict the time it would take to write files, there are currently no timeouts configured per 
```
